Contact Information: Include the address, phone number, and email address of the practice.

Services Offered: Describe the services provided by the practice, such as general medical care, preventative health screenings, and vaccinations.

Doctor Profiles: Include biographical information and qualifications of the doctors who practice at the facility.

Office Hours: List the regular office hours of the practice, including days and hours of operation.

Appointment Booking: Provide information on how to schedule an appointment, whether it be by phone or online.

Insurance Information: Detail the types of insurance accepted by the practice and how patients can submit claims.

Patient Resources: Offer helpful resources for patients, such as frequently asked questions, health tips, and online forms.

Patient Reviews: Provide patient reviews and testimonials to build trust with potential patients.

Location Information: Provide directions to the practice, including a map and any relevant parking information.

News and Updates: Share important news and updates related to the practice and the medical field.

I’m Dr Karin and I can’t wait to meet you and your family. I have been a GP since 2011 and I love my job. I’m passionate about holistic health care and providing health care guidance which is unique to each patient. I believe that to be fulfilled it’s important to be physically, mentally and spiritually well. I am happy to see patients of all ages- from neonates to those in golden ages/senior years. 

Special Interests 

Paediatrics

Dr Karin spent almost 10 years working in paediatric wards and clinics. She is passionate about treating babies and children and has a real knack with them. Dr Karin provides support for mothers with babies via a WhatsApp support group called MOM SQUAD. (Link to email) 

Minor surgery

Dr Karin spent elective rotations with a plastic surgeon and is skilled in excising lesions such as moles, lipomas and sebaceous cysts. She prides herself in leaving minimal scarring. 

Long Covid

Dr Karin has a heart for those suffering with Long Covid. These patients are often very frustrated and disheartened at not being able to function as they did before covid. Dr Karin journeys alongside these patients and provides medical, psychological and practical support. She remains abreast of developments in this very new field and strives to offer her patients the latest evidence-based treatments available.  Dr Karin runs a long Covid WhatsApp support group. 

Post Partum Depression and mental illness

As a mother, Dr Karin knows how tough it is to have young babies and the burden of mental illness that often results. She is passionate about supporting mothers and has a WhatsApp support group for this purpose called MOM SQUAD. 

Having said all this Dr Karin is a very good generalist and loves treating the whole family. Singles are very welcome too. Her philosophy is that together we can get to the bottom of every medical challenge. 

Services provided 

- general medical care for acute conditions

- regular check ups for chronic conditions - hypertension, diabetes and others 

- mental health examination and treatment - depression, anxiety, insomnia and others 

- surgical procedures- excisions of lumps and bumps and suturing of lacerations. Removal of splinters. Abscess drainage. 

-preventative health screening- blood pressure, cholesterol and sugar test. Discovery Vitality check. 

- yearly medical check up

- women’s health- papsmears, contraceptives, menopausal well being

- men’s health- erectile dysfunction, prostate checks 

- dermatology checks- skin examination and cryotherapy (first Tuesday of the month). 

Insurance information

We are a cash practice and ask that you settle your account before leaving. We will provide an invoice/receipt for your medical aid to reimburse you. Our rate is in line with most medical aids. 

Virtual consults 

In general Dr Karin prefers to see patients in person but she is also available for video or telephonic consultation. These need to be paid for in advance. WhatsApp conversations which involve health advice may also incur a charge. 

Times

Monday 11.00 -3

Tuesday 2 -5

Wednesday 8.30 - 12.30

Thursday 2-5

Friday 8.30 -12.30

Subject to change- see online booking schedule


